More balanced workload so we do not have to spend too much time on the graded assignments and are actually able to focus on the non-graded class assignments, which better followed what we had seen in class. In the practice sessions I often was busy doing the graded assignments because of time constraints, which ultimately affected the progress I made. I did not absorb the material of the second week that well because I had to do the graded assignments instead of the practice assignments in the practice sessions. This comment should not reflect bad on the teaching or anything else. The teaching was excellent (as were the teaching assistants) and the course was very interesting.


"I think the 2 weeks session have been a fantastic time for me in terms of learning. 
The teacher Unmesh is just great. Also the TAs, it is a course where you can learn fundamental things in such a short time. 
I suggest the other teachers whoever going to do the lesson can also follow the same structure.

I have graduated for a few years and I realised that understanding the fundamentals of each subject is very important for the professional world. 

Just want to thanks for organising this course. 

It is great!!!!"

Assignments were slow in being marked, meaning we lost the ability to ask teacher / TAs feedback.
I think there should be a discount for UVA students
it difficulties of the course can be adjust. it is a bit too diffuclt for me.



Genuinely just need a bit more time to absorb all concepts. Making it a 3-week course would be an idea for instance.


the level of the course can be adjusted to more basic for most of us to follow, most of us do not have related background about computer science. It takes a lot of effort to catch up the course within two weeks and a lot to digest
I enjoyed the course a lot and have learned so much, however, due the fact we had quiet heavy assignments for beginners (as I experienced it) I had a hard time to keep up with the labs. However, maybe that is a good things because some people managed to keep up. But for me the workload was almost a bit to much. Still, I appreciated that we managed to cover so much in 2 weeks! Which might not have been possible if we had not had as much work.

i think there needs to be two classes one for beginners and one for intermediates, as homework and assignments were tailored towards the more experienced people and without their help im not sure how well some students would have done

The concept revisions could have been covered by the TA in the Lab Session rather than in the main lecture session, in order to cover more content during the stipulated time for lectures.

I really enjoyed both courses I took here. I feel like I learned a lot more in 2 weeks than I had expected to.

The course was way too intense, everyday from 10-17 and home assignments at night and also during the weekend
The TA and professors need to prepare better in advance. They need to have a syllabus available much earlier. Also the assignments were not prepared in advance which made it feel hectic and unprofessional.

-----






The course schedule is too compressed. The difficulties of assignments are too high because we still need more time to digest when most of us are absolute beginners in programming.






This survey was filled in at the end of Session 2.









Discover the Dutch took up a lot of time but that was because we did a lot of excursions into the city. Programming in python took up less time than I thought it would because the 3 hour lab was optional.



