I suggest more contact hours, so that the speed can be reduced and it is then easier to follow.
The course in itself was well taught and the teaching stuff did a great job - in particular Unmesh explained the material very smooth despite the rather complex content of learning Python. With him the material became approachable also for total beginners and he was also very patient with questions - which is also a plus from pedagogical perspective.The TAs who supported Unmesh were also very well selected and supportive. Both TAs did a great job in responding to emails and guiding students during the lab excercises.
I liked the first week of the course as here the content and excercises to actually learn programming in Python were delivered as expected. On the other hand the second week of the course was mainly delegated towards a group project to program the game "Hangman" that included a number tasks not necessarily helping to learn "programming in python" (e.g. writing a SRS etc) - this was redundant for people with the expectation to practice and learn as much programming in python as possible during the two weeks. Due to this the first week appeared rather hasty in teaching the material whereas the second week did not teach any new coding material or applications through workshops. There was not much time during the first week to catch up with all the material while adhering to deadlines of assignments and attending lectures etc. Rather splitting the material over two weeks and giving the student the time and depth to absorb the knowledge from the lectures and apply it during the labs would have been more desirable. Delegating the whole second week to the hangman game seems a bit unnecessary as for some people (e.g. professionals who take off and seek to quick access specific knowledge rather than collecting credits) this project seemed to be more optional and would not have made them pay the whole tuition fee. So in conclusion, the way how the first week was taught was great, second week contained unfortunately a lot of redundant content and did not add to my learning experience as much as expecyed. Redesigning the course to focus primarily throughout the whole time on teaching and applying Python through lectures and labs would be my recommendation and to either completely leave out or delegate much less time (< 2 days ) to the group project is I think more desirable.
The course duration is a bit too short regarding the content that should be taught. If possible, decrease the amount of content or expand the duration a bit(like three weeks)

The course is too intense for beginners.In my opinion it would be more useful to have two weeks of lectures/labs, instead of one week lectures and one week of a group project.
I believe this course would improve if the study material was spread evenly throughout the two weeks, and if there was only one line of teaching with one single level. because of the different backgrounds of the participants in the course, it turned out quite scattered and all over the place, also, the very beginners were disadvantaged as the course material was not exactly suited for beginners. In addition, all students were required to download in their laptops a program to compute, which was not necessary in the end. It would have been nice if that was provided to us by the university instead of actually downloading it ourselves. 

Beginners, or students in general should also be followed more to understand the very basics
I can understand is the first time doing this course but I was expecting more preparation regarding to the context of the lectures
Unmesh, the main instructor, was perfect (I particulatly like his use of humor, and how he went slower when asked to slow down). But the TAs (teacher assistants) did not have good teaching skills. One of them sometimes seemed to get angry when somebody couldn't understand something he tried to explain, even if he didn't explain it very well (and even if I have understood the same parts of other programming languages). The other TA would, if asked a question, just fix any problem in the code that he saw, but ignore my question. So it was very demotivating and to attend the datalab sessions - many of us felt stupid, by the way we were treated by the TAs. Also, the last part of the first week went a bit fast. We tried to tell the teachers. In the second week, we had a project, making a game, where I didn't learn anything. The second week was a complete waste of time for me, as we were encouraged to divide tasks, and since there was a person in my group who was a better coder than me. So I just made slides and the requirement specifications. In a coding course, I expect to learn coding, not buraucratic, cooperation or presentation skills. The obvious solution would have been to allow the training (week 1) to go over a few more days, so that they didn't have to go so fast during week 1, and to drop the project entirely, or maximum use two days on it. In short: Week 1 was a bit fast, week 2 was a complete waste. Please prolong the time spent on lessons and datalab sessions), and skip the project.
A shorter schedule on Friday in order to let students travel.
reduce the price
nothing it was really good!!!



It would have been nicer to keep on teaching student more python rather than doing a group project. 
I did not like the group project in the second week, since I would have preferred to deepen my knowledge on my own and try some more things out.

The first week was fantastic, I learnt a lot thanks to the amazing teaching skills of Umesh. I also appreciated the knowledge, support and kindness of Jasper. 

Negative points and I think everyone would agree with it, it's that the second week is very weak. I would have loved to continue learning exactly as in week 1 and not doing a average project that I could do at home.



More lectures, less group stuff

